Oh
it's hard to show the world what you're
made of
when you're allergic to just about
everything I'm allergic to diapers and
scissors grass even my parents and then
I make Chloe
but she's about to marry the wrong man
no mark well the weddings this Saturday
and I agra falls and I have to stop her
so now I'm gonna go out into the world
and win her back
and nothing is gonna stand in my way
it's his first time out in the world the
girl is getting married and I have to
stop the wedding that's so so beautiful
that you once loved another he did and
the little help from his new friends he
just might find a way
to make his dreams come true you didn't
get out of that bubble room to play it
safe did you
this Bubble Boy